---
title: 'How to: Set Up General Fixed Assets Information'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 51adfb3588099c496f0946ff71da5c6fe518f070
ms.openlocfilehash: 8c0e33a78d47ccfbe39a78f81e31b69f61fd4f80
ms.contentlocale: en-nz
ms.lasthandoff: 06/26/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-set-up-general-fixed-assets-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-102">How to: Set Up General Fixed Assets Information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-102">How to: Set Up General Fixed Assets Information</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-103">Before you can manage fixed assets, you must set up default G/L accounts, allocation keys, journal templates and batches for fixed asset posting and reclassification, and you can classify fixed assets in classes, such as Tangible and Intangible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-103">Before you can manage fixed assets, you must set up default G/L accounts, allocation keys, journal templates and batches for fixed asset posting and reclassification, and you can classify fixed assets in classes, such as Tangible and Intangible.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-general-default-values-for-fixed-assets"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-104">To set up general default values for fixed assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-104">To set up general default values for fixed assets</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-105">You define the general behavior or the fixed asset functionality and set up document number series in the  in the **Fixed Assets Setup** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-105">You define the general behavior or the fixed asset functionality and set up document number series in the  in the **Fixed Assets Setup** window.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-106">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Assets Setup**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-106">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Assets Setup**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-107">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-107">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-108">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-108">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-fixed-asset-posting-groups"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-109">To set up fixed asset posting groups</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-109">To set up fixed asset posting groups</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-110">You use posting groups to define groups of fixed assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-110">You use posting groups to define groups of fixed assets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-111">Entries for these posting groups are posted to the same general ledger accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-111">Entries for these posting groups are posted to the same general ledger accounts.</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-112">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Posting Groups**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-112">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Posting Groups**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-113">Choose the **New** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-113">Choose the **New** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-114">In the **FA Posting Group Card** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-114">In the **FA Posting Group Card** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-115">**Note**: To make sure that balancing accounts for different fixed assets postings are automatically inserted when you choose the **Insert FA Bal. Account** action on journal lines, follow the next step, based on appreciation posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-115">**Note**: To make sure that balancing accounts for different fixed assets postings are automatically inserted when you choose the **Insert FA Bal. Account** action on journal lines, follow the next step, based on appreciation posting.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-116">On the **Balancing Account** FastTab, in the **Appreciation Bal. Account** field, select the general ledger account to which you want to post balancing entries for appreciation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-116">On the **Balancing Account** FastTab, in the **Appreciation Bal. Account** field, select the general ledger account to which you want to post balancing entries for appreciation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-117">For more information about using the **Insert FA Bal. Account** action on fixed asset G/L journal lines, see, for example, [How to: Revalue Fixed Assets](fa-how-revalue.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-117">For more information about using the **Insert FA Bal. Account** action on fixed asset G/L journal lines, see, for example, [How to: Revalue Fixed Assets](fa-how-revalue.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-fixed-asset-allocation-keys"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-118">To set up fixed asset allocation keys</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-118">To set up fixed asset allocation keys</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-119">Transactions can be allocated to various departments or projects, according to user-defined allocation keys.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-119">Transactions can be allocated to various departments or projects, according to user-defined allocation keys.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-120">For example, you could set up an allocation key to allocate depreciation costs on cars with 35 percent to the administration department and 65 percent to the sales department.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-120">For example, you could set up an allocation key to allocate depreciation costs on cars with 35 percent to the administration department and 65 percent to the sales department.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-121">For more information, see [How to: Use Allocation Keys in General Journals](ui-how-use-allocation-keys-general-journals.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-121">For more information, see [How to: Use Allocation Keys in General Journals](ui-how-use-allocation-keys-general-journals.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-122">Allocation keys apply to fixed asset classes, not to individual assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-122">Allocation keys apply to fixed asset classes, not to individual assets.</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-123">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Posting Groups**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-123">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Posting Groups**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-124">In the **FA Posting Groups** window, choose the **Allocations** action, and then choose a posting type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-124">In the **FA Posting Groups** window, choose the **Allocations** action, and then choose a posting type.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-125">In the **FA Allocations** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-125">In the **FA Allocations** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-126">Repeat steps 2 and 3 for each posting type that you want to define allocation keys for.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-126">Repeat steps 2 and 3 for each posting type that you want to define allocation keys for.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-fixed-asset-journal-templates"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-127">To set up fixed asset journal templates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-127">To set up fixed asset journal templates</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-128">A template is a predefined layout for a journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-128">A template is a predefined layout for a journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-129">The template contains information about trace codes, reports, and number series.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-129">The template contains information about trace codes, reports, and number series.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-130">For more information, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-130">For more information, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-131">Dynamics NAV automatically creates a fixed asset journal template the first time that you open the **Fixed Asset Journal** window, but you can set up additional journal templates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-131">Dynamics NAV automatically creates a fixed asset journal template the first time that you open the **Fixed Asset Journal** window, but you can set up additional journal templates.</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-132">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Journal Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-132">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Journal Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-133">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-133">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-fixed-asset-journal-batches"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-134">To set up fixed asset journal batches</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-134">To set up fixed asset journal batches</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-135">You can set up multiple journal batches, which are individual journals for each journal template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-135">You can set up multiple journal batches, which are individual journals for each journal template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-136">For example, employees can have their own journal batch that uses the employee’s initials as the journal batch name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-136">For example, employees can have their own journal batch that uses the employee’s initials as the journal batch name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-137">For more information, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-137">For more information, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-138">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Journal Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-138">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Journal Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-139">Select the relevant journal template, and then choose the **Batches** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-139">Select the relevant journal template, and then choose the **Batches** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-140">In the **FA Journal Batches** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-140">In the **FA Journal Batches** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-fixed-asset-reclassification-journal-templates"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-141">To set up fixed asset reclassification journal templates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-141">To set up fixed asset reclassification journal templates</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-142">You use dedicated reclassification journals when you need to transfer, split, or combine fixed assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-142">You use dedicated reclassification journals when you need to transfer, split, or combine fixed assets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-143">Dynamics NAV automatically creates a fixed asset reclassification journal template the first time that you open the **FA Reclass. Journal** window, but you can set up additional reclassification journal templates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-143">Dynamics NAV automatically creates a fixed asset reclassification journal template the first time that you open the **FA Reclass. Journal** window, but you can set up additional reclassification journal templates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-144">For more information, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-144">For more information, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-145">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Reclass. Journal Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-145">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Reclass. Journal Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-146">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-146">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-fixed-asset-reclassification-journal-batches"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-147">To set up fixed asset reclassification journal batches</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-147">To set up fixed asset reclassification journal batches</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-148">You can set up multiple journal batches, which are individual journals for each reclassification journal template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-148">You can set up multiple journal batches, which are individual journals for each reclassification journal template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-149">For example, employees can have their own reclassification journal batch that uses the employee’s initials as the reclassification journal batch name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-149">For example, employees can have their own reclassification journal batch that uses the employee’s initials as the reclassification journal batch name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-150">For more information, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-150">For more information, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-151">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Reclass. Journal Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-151">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Reclass. Journal Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-152">Select the relevant journal template, and then choose the **Batches** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-152">Select the relevant journal template, and then choose the **Batches** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-153">In the **FA Reclass. Journal Batches** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-153">In the **FA Reclass. Journal Batches** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-fixed-asset-class-codes"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-154">To set up fixed asset class codes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-154">To set up fixed asset class codes</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-155">Fixed asset class codes can be used to group fixed assets, for example, in tangible and intangible assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-155">Fixed asset class codes can be used to group fixed assets, for example, in tangible and intangible assets.</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-156">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Classes**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-156">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Classes**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-157">Enter codes and names for the classes that you want to create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-157">Enter codes and names for the classes that you want to create.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-fixed-asset-subclass-codes"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-158">To set up fixed asset subclass codes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-158">To set up fixed asset subclass codes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-159">You use fixed asset subclass codes to group your fixed assets into categories, such as buildings, vehicles, furniture, or machinery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-159">You use fixed asset subclass codes to group your fixed assets into categories, such as buildings, vehicles, furniture, or machinery.</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-160">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Subclasses**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-160">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Subclasses**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-161">Enter codes and names for the classes that you want to create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-161">Enter codes and names for the classes that you want to create.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-fixed-asset-location-codes"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-162">To set up fixed asset location codes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-162">To set up fixed asset location codes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-163">You use fixed asset location codes to register the location of the fixed asset, such as sales department, reception, administration, production, or warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-163">You use fixed asset location codes to register the location of the fixed asset, such as sales department, reception, administration, production, or warehouse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-164">This information is useful for insurance and inventory purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-164">This information is useful for insurance and inventory purposes.</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-165">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA locations**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-165">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA locations**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-166">Enter codes and names for the fixed asset locations that you want to create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-166">Enter codes and names for the fixed asset locations that you want to create.</span></span>

## <a name="to-register-opening-entries"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-167">To register opening entries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-167">To register opening entries</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-168">If you are using the fixed assets in Dynamics NAV for the first time, you must set up the general ledger application area before you set up fixed assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-168">If you are using the fixed assets in Dynamics NAV for the first time, you must set up the general ledger application area before you set up fixed assets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-169">How you do this depends on whether fixed assets is integrated with general ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-169">How you do this depends on whether fixed assets is integrated with general ledger.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-170">The following procedure is used if fixed asset transactions are to be posted to the general ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-170">The following procedure is used if fixed asset transactions are to be posted to the general ledger.</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-171">Make sure that you have completed the basic setup procedures for fixed assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-171">Make sure that you have completed the basic setup procedures for fixed assets.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-172">Create a fixed asset card for each existing asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-172">Create a fixed asset card for each existing asset.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-173">Set up fixed asset depreciation books.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-173">Set up fixed asset depreciation books.</span></span>  
4. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-174">Enable general ledger integration by following the next steps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-174">Enable general ledger integration by following the next steps.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-175">In the **Search** box, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-175">In the **Search** box, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
6. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-176">Select the relevant depreciation book.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-176">Select the relevant depreciation book.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-177">On the **Home** tab, in the **Manage** group, choose **Edit** to open the **Depreciation Book Card** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-177">On the **Home** tab, in the **Manage** group, choose **Edit** to open the **Depreciation Book Card** window.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-178">On the **Integration** FastTab, make sure all fields are blank by clearing all check marks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-178">On the **Integration** FastTab, make sure all fields are blank by clearing all check marks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-179">If you have more than one depreciation book, turn on general ledger integration for each one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-179">If you have more than one depreciation book, turn on general ledger integration for each one.</span></span>  
8. <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-180">In the fixd asset journal, enter the following lines for each asset:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-180">In the fixd asset journal, enter the following lines for each asset:</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-181">A line with the acquisition cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-181">A line with the acquisition cost.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-182">A line with the accumulated depreciation to the end of the previous fiscal year.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-182">A line with the accumulated depreciation to the end of the previous fiscal year.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-183">A line with the accumulated depreciation from the start of the current fiscal year to the date that Dynamics NAV is set to start calculating the depreciation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-183">A line with the accumulated depreciation from the start of the current fiscal year to the date that Dynamics NAV is set to start calculating the depreciation.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-184">If you have other opening balances you can also enter them now, such as write\-down and appreciation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-184">If you have other opening balances you can also enter them now, such as write\-down and appreciation.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-185">If the fixed assets are not integrated with the general ledger, skip steps 4 through 7.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-185">If the fixed assets are not integrated with the general ledger, skip steps 4 through 7.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-186">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-186">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-187">Set Up Fixed Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-187">Set Up Fixed Assets</span></span>](fa-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-188">Manage Fixed Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-188">Manage Fixed Assets</span></span>](fa-manage.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-189">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-189">Finance</span></span>](finance-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="3ebaf-190">Welcome to Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3ebaf-190">Welcome to Dynamics NAV</span></span>](across-get-started.md)

